Hi, welcome back.
In this video, we're just going to check our binary tree,
Make sure it's all working.
'Cause the last few videos were pretty intense.
What I've written here is just, you know,
importing our libraries.
Create a new binary tree with six at the head.
And then, I've created a few nodes:
five, three, nine, seven, eight, 7.5, 12 and 11
and I have added them to the tree in order
and then with deleting nine, which is up here,
and then we are printing the tree out.
So, this tree, I am just going to move this here,
hide this, there we go.
This tree starts at six then adds five,
which is going to be added to the left of six.
Then adds three, which is going to be added
to the left of five.
Then adds nine which is going to be added to the left,
to the right, of six.
Then adds seven which is going to be added
to the left of nine.
Then adds eight which is going to be added
to the right of seven.
Then add 7.5 which is going to be added
to the left of eight.
So, it's reconstructing this tree here
just because we are then going to delete nine
and we're going to print the tree in order.
Hopefully, what we see is an eight here.
This deleted.
And this pointing there.
This is what we want to see.
Let's find out, with run the app.
And we get, it would be nice if we got, you know,
a nicely printed tree out so we wouldn't have to
delve into our algorithm to know what the structure is.
Nonetheless, we get, in order of left to right,
three, which is here, five, which is here,
six, which is here.
Then, we go right and then we go left,
because every new node the first thing we do is we go left.
So, we get seven, then we go left, nothing there.
We go right, 7.5, then we go back to the top
and we get eight.
Then we get right and we go left 11 and then 12.
So, as you can see, our delete method works.
Which is, pretty awesome first of all.
But also, you can try to delete your one child and no child
branches as well if you want to give it a go.
And now you know exactly how to implement a binary tree.
If you get asked in an interview, or a coding challenge,
or anything like that, you can do it and also,
I hope you found it interesting just to learn a bit more
about some in depth computer science concepts.
Thanks for joining me in this video, and I'll see you
in the next one.